So welcome back to another module with me,
CSS and Javascript. This course of course is about CSS and we'll focus on CSS,
this won't become a Javascript course but still, you can interact with CSS with Javascript.
You can change styles after the page was loaded and there are cases where you actually need to do this,
in our project too.
You will see that we've got two cases, two things we can introduce, we can add to features, we can add
to our project by taking advantage of Javascript's capabilities.
So in this module, we'll learn how we may manipulate styles with Javascript,
so how we can change the styling of an element after our page has been loaded and you will also learn
how you can, in cases where you don't want to directly manipulate styles, how you can add or remove CSS
classes with Javascript.
These are two core features that all of a sudden allow you to change styles during runtime.
So let's dive right into this
and let's add some examples to our course project.